# Agora 2
Agora is a platform to assist the citizens in the electoral process at municipal level in the Republic of Cuba. The platform is designed to take advantage of the overlap between the elements of the so-called democracy 2.0 and the extensively participative features of this municipal electoral process. The increase of internet penetration observed in the recent years suggest the possibility of an organization of the political discussion online, grouping the actors according to their own terriorial electoral structures, in which their nominations and votes will have real power at the moment of the nomination assemblies and later suffrage. Additionally, we consider that the inclusion of the “election of ideas” as an essential functionality of the platform extends the necessity of the debate beyond the electoral period, keeping a constant influence over and feedback from the structures of the municipal government. The relevance of this project is consistent with the new legislation on municipal autonomy, in a modern and particularly healthy exercise for the Cuban democracy.

## Temporal Webpage Based on [gatsby-absurd](https://github.com/ajayns/gatsby-absurd) 
An absurd Gatsby starter. The collection of illustrations, [absurd.design](https://absurd.design/) by [Diana Valeanu](https://twitter.com/diana_valeanu) is a very fascinating and beautiful project with some pretty thoughtful concepts. Experimentation on how that could be put together on a site ended up as this starter.
